Nuttx Duo S #80   Duo S buildroot to 1.1.3 #78 (#104)
ruyisdk/support-matrix: Duo_S/BuildRoot/README.md

Install the [`ruyi`](https://github.com/ruyisdk/ruyi) package manager, run `ruyi device provision`, and follow the prompts.

> ### using `balenaEtcher` to Flash Image to microSD Card

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using `balenaEtcher` to flash image to microSD Card
```

> Install[`balennaEtcher`],use open source tool balenaEtcher for flashing

Reviewer: Not sure if this is what you intended to say...
```suggestion
Install `balennaEtcher`, the open source tool for flashing.
```

Screen recording (From flashing image to login):

> [!bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1kCU6Y1ECg/?vd_source=1291fcfaefa3ea5589519340cf2ed80c)(https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1kCU6Y1ECg/?vd_source=1291fcfaefa3ea5589519340cf2ed80c)

Reviewer: Use asciinema for CLI only records.
Bilibili is not really usable outside Chinese mainland.
